And Laura Ingalls was with a history scene, a poem, a piece with me.
And she brought it to an order, although if things might have trailed off, it was already to move forward immediately to the period.
And I got a funny feeling about how the austere Christodemus had left a caring and open personality there, and by his head, there were some reactions to him.
But when I had a certain experience in my life and thought I wanted to continue learning more about the climate, Kelly Martin suggested strongly that I study with Gloria.
And I thought, oh my, that's it.
She was very liberal about that.
In fact, there were so many facets between her particular, austerity and virginity that are interesting.
Um, she was, I don't think she ran out of tight shape, but she came in, you know, I'm going to make your work area.
And I was also thrilled to be most of them here.
So, at that point, she was still in some basement, I love you, that's open.
She must have been called Mrs. Young in the classroom before it was all happened.
Oh, members are healthy.
Actually, I have to go with that.
But she is a clear young woman.
She looks at her.
She is from North Carolina looking to meet her apprentice.
And I'm just a person with great skills all day.
And then it was, they needed to call it a sentence.
Students would come and go.
was it was so difficult.
But it was never a reprimand.
She was wonderful about it, and you say even a dumb one.
And she said, well, I think we'll keep you here.
It's great.
We just put a dog sheet in which was clear.
I didn't look at how bad most of it was except when I let myself down.
She started out making me clear that you should do the best you can.
And even if it's a mess, she'll show you how it is.
But we're going to get over there.
Or just take that off and reposition it.
What's the difference?
And it's the best thing in practicing a criminal is to not let something go out.
I do appreciate that.
Lori had another child, but I hung it out every year and found them all.
to be in Wisconsin for six months and she was always good about doing the thing that I didn't get to find her.
And so, three years ago, she had, first of all, she was a former teacher.
She really had that pedagogical history.
It was so necessary to impart information with patients, and also exciting to me.
She loved children.
There was a little five-year-old who had come to do what they had to do from.
She was also very good to see folks who were not a great name in African Americans, in fact, in general, in books.
in the book press.
But there was a lovely black girl who came and had skills and I think she couldn't do it personally.
Laura couldn't have been what might have thought of her.
There was also a gentleman, an old black man, who worked in a village, perhaps only John Murray would say.
And one day he was waiting for a large plant in the Bible.
Could he show her legal file?
Well, there's even a file there in this ring that has to have a family that wants to get into the family and hold up.
And should he leave?
And she said, well, let's come in and talk about it.
And he said, very dear to me, showed him a description, you know, who he, his wife was.
He said, well, I think I can do something with this, but how much more it costs.
And she said, I can't tell you that.
And he said, well, it's going to be better, but come back this week, and I'll tell you what I can do.
Well, it's a matter of, well, perhaps,
maybe six or three hours, maybe six weeks, six or three hours a year.
But she did mostly men and women, and hedges, and orders, and a little furnishings as well as a kind of heat filling.
And they came in, and they came in.
They came in.
I'm afraid I have to know.
That's part of the generative theory to that.
And a real sort of tenderness, too, if you want to use a promotional word of that, toward a student in various states of disquietism.
that I remember when her sister was grieving her at one time, a decade ago, and there was a serious crisis about her, many serious men, um, for the folks.
I remember her couldn't to dig.
She could do nothing else but rolling in on the phone.
Distracted, totally preoccupied.
And there she did.
Well, I don't know because I'm so hard to pull over that I feel like it's fine.
And this voice decided that I would cherish it as well as me.
How do you do that?
I'm just going to be capable of doing it.
I mean, they never thought cared about.
So, of course, about that for something.
Hi, I'm John Reed.
I'm the director of the library for the New York Botanical Garden.
I'm one of those general librarians.
I came to New York in 1965.
I was booked at a science library in Michigan.
What I knew about books repaired was mystic paint and creed, sewn linen and stitches that we stuck in the books and they held together a few years.
And I inherited a very fine research library with a fine collection of pretty 17th-century books.
And a lot of 18th, 19th-century books were used all the time.
So after we moved the library to the new building, I had to start worrying about how I was going to take care of this.
And somehow I became aware of this young, and she'd read a much bigger article surveyed where her book was.
And that started about a 15-year relationship with the New York Botanical Gardens.
She just surveyed her book collection.
She then began working with my staff.
They all came down to the studios, and they brought our books down, and this was all the top figures of our books.
Amy Kyle, Amy Blatton, 2-3, Sugar Distility, and probably a couple other books I don't remember anymore.
I basically got the lesson in sharing reading from the book collection in a proper way.
And that I think is what I mean when you said.
And for her, she moves on to the art to a conservation program, and the people who work at that place.
And it's something that we all cherish what you're thinking.
Thank you.
My name is Margaret Johnson, and I came to Laura Young in the late 70s.
I've been working at public catalog for a year ago.
the Pennsylvania Hospital Historic Library in Philadelphia.
And every time we picked up a book so far, so I began to wonder how many books we could get together again.
And when I found this again, I realized this is exactly what I want.
I did not know a very fine body.
I was already too old to go into that.
I didn't have my eyesight by the time I started.
So I came up every two weeks for two days and spent with her taking home, taking books and co-books and things like that.
And what she started you out with was how to do what her basic line is.
to begin with and then we started taking books apart and putting them back together again which is what i still do and i think the most valuable thing she did was to show me how to retrieve my errors because i always made a mistake and she said you always will make some mistakes so i'm it was almost the second day i made the error before i went home because i was
and from their activities later, and she'd say, well, I was thinking about that in the middle of the night.
I think that what do you do with that one?
She never forgot what you were working on.
And the other recollection of her was in 1980, the ARC had their meeting at the Kansas City Council.
She's never been to San Francisco.
She had, however, been in communication with a lot of members to deal with here in California.
Stella Tutte, who is in San Francisco, who was one of the federal members of the hand, the pleasure in California, and Margaret Wefty, who was there in Los Angeles.
who is taught a lot of the language.
And she was one of the founders of WACC, which I think is the Western Association for Conservation of Arts.
And she had talked to them on the telephone.
She had written extensively.
And she knew these women, but she had never met them.
And it was at that meeting, at the dinner, that the three ladies met.
And all three of them were strong influences in both learning and conservation in America.
And it was funny to see that.
And I enjoyed all the different I think with it.
Thank you.
I'm Haley Kyle, and I respond to staff members that John Lee mentioned that he sent to Mrs. Young to learn the art and craft of finding and conservation.
And I entered my craft in the early 70s.
And she became one of the most important teachers of my life, and she became my mentor.
And I was at the time, and it was a year change, and I needed somebody like her that gave me the direction.
One of the best things that I remember about her was if you showed her work and she wasn't quite, and she would just look at it and she would say, are you satisfied with this?
And she would look at it and then you would just have to be honest with yourself and say,
Not really.
And then she said, all right, I didn't know what to do.
And you knew that, you know, things, and you did it over.
And I did many things over and over again.
And one of the other things that I haven't learned quite yet, but that is constantly in my memory, there are two things that she really could not tell me.
And they were, it and great.
She had an incredible patience for everything, and she would never understand.
She would take everything.
She would unlock things.
She would make the package paper out of paper bags.
She would have her ways of being using materials, and it didn't matter how long you smoke.
Just that Sora wouldn't make me wait there.
The other thing, she was incredibly resourceful.
She had her shop back the office that she had every time that she could ever leave and use for binding, as all the work you do.
But in the later years, when she retired and moved to the Virginia, or the Eastern Shore in Virginia,
I was happy and lucky to visit my public mind with some of the other other students.
And it was actually the first time that we were her guests in her house, in her home, because before she had always received that in her shop.
And I don't think many of us had ever visited each other because of the public.
So we finally saw it in a common home, and we saw it in a mental home in only Virginia, and told us that there was comfort, beautiful places where
And she had her way just like she always had her mind.
And to end this, I just want you to recall one memory that I have.
She was in the fall and she was driving about cars going over the driveway.
And the whole driveway was spread with black walnuts and then sick.
on a shelf and this is how it is to get the parts of the shelf.
I would line down with Mr. Jones for two minutes.
I never mess with Jerry.
I'm excited for her, but I think I can safely say I'm the only one of Mr. Jones's students who paid for lessons by working with the Go-Go-Bets or the Mafia.
The show found us amusing and considered resourcefulness an excellent characteristic of the book finder.
I attended Mrs. Shun's studio regularly, put together a roster of my own clients, and eventually went off to Yale to study with James Greenfield as a conservation of my repertoire.
Although I've always kept my interest in vibing and restoring, as well as my vibing put me close to hand, I've also published art exhibition posters and had a five and decorative art gallery which featured, among other things,
Splendid books by artists, the occasional manuscript, fine findings, and type of fresh painting.
Presently, I design them the expensive hats for fashion people.
It's unfortunate that people are willing to spend money on granted than finding books.
I do think, however, that Mrs. Jeon would not be too unhappy about the hat.
She confessed to me that one of her great heroes was Wallace Simpson, which leads me to believe she felt the tiniest bit of moral activity could be offset by a certain amount of style.
I do feel that even at the conference so far could not have been managed without my training at Mrs. Jeon's capable and talented hand.
I've been lucky enough to have seen an excellent education, but until I started studying with this as a junior, no one taught me to really analyze the task, breaking down the need of its component, and organizing it into a logical order.
I believe that intelligence and talent are fairly useless without discipline.
I was also taught that each material has its own character, and that the discovery of this nature was the key to a successful deployment.
The very best part about when we're done whatever
was that she made me respond to your notes in my phone.
She was interested in everything, and rather, of course, without constant pain.
The parameters of Mr. Shona's curiosity became clear to me one day as I was concentrating on my bench.
Mr. Shona's chin started on my shoulder, and she said,
Mr. Kirk, why not have a transvestite kept such big shoes?
She's not going to be walking walking away.
If she'd leave her now, I could tell her with certainty where to invest at in such big town.
While I was from Yale, I asked Jane Greenfield why she became the whole person.
I'm not sure why.
Because I didn't want to be a major who probably could repeat it that way.
And I think that Ms.
General would agree with that whole part of it.
Mori Young was a professional in the best possible way.
She was competent without being rigid, competent but non-mechanical, and precise without using the livelihood that transforms craft into art.
And she was patient with the art
Hello, I'm Mr. Rudy.
I'm still to the council.
I'm not going to tell you there, and you're going to need a bill.
I think that you're going to need a bill.
I think you're going to need a bill.
Of all of my new members, in my years of studies and beyond, one decision was later in the bond.
It had to do with the time I would look at the bond that I just completed.
On those occasions, when I knew that the order of working chair was not quite that effective,
I was pretty high here for myself, and it really brought back to me.
I would take the boat from Mr. Young, only three years to save, and very quietly, let all, do and read.
I don't think she would ever complete the session, but I always knew that the ending was there.
Take it back, and it wasn't.
In the first place, I always did take it back to me, correct the undefensible words.
For 20 years or so, since I do spend everything to come, it's still a regular long trip to fall under my workmanship.
The reality I find things that really do need to be done.
I'm surprised to convince myself that it's okay.
I want to hear that quiet voice that's all my retirement and perhaps inside of me.
It's a voice of reality and self-discipline.
My hope and trust are always following me.
Wow.
And now we've all worked for that, and we have a show of men of students, of students of Michigan.
And I knew this has been a very broad way to meet people who are actually students, people who have taken workshops with their students, for those of you who have been interested in or worked with us.
Thank you.
That's nice.
Well, I think you can tell me still too much.
I'd like to thank the Friends of Laura Young, the Brolier Club, and the New York Chapter of Gilded Book Workers for making the evening possible, and special thanks to the committee who organized it.
There was co-chaired by Sally Morgan and Maggie Ross who was members.
Oh, the name of the committee is the Bourbon and Bone Bowl Committee.
This was really very good, wasn't it?
Yeah.